Let's look at the solution for this.
The first thing I'm going to do is make sure Spark and Kafka are running.
If I do ps -ef,
I don't see either.
In this case, actually, I only need Spark running.
I'm going to cd to home/workspace/spark/sbin,
and I'm going to run this./start-master.sh script.
I'm going to look at the log file,
get the master URI,./start-slave.sh,
and the master URI starts the worker.
Now, if I do ps -ef,
I see Spark process is running.
Good. Now, I'm going to clear that and now we can look at the solution.
First thing I do is import SparkSession,
then I create a file handle to the log file.
I'm going to create my Spark Session now,
using the SparkSession class.
Then I'm going to set the log level to "WARN".
I'm going to open the log file using the Spark Session.
Then I'm going to count the lines,
and I'm actually going to give you the solution to this one.
I'm doing more than just counting the lines,
I'm counting the total count on each line.
To do that with a data frame,
we're going to do the.foreach call on each one and pass in the function.
This function accepts a row from a data frame,
and then it acts on the data frame by printing the total count using row.value.count,
and then it increments it for each line.
Then we'll get printed updates for every row that it processes.
If I go to the home/workspace/ directory,
I have my python scripts.
I'm going to run
data/spark/bin/spark-submit /home/workspace/hellospark.solution.py.
The blinking cursor mean it's running.
Now, I have my line count and I'm just going to run that one more time.
It didn't save correctly,
that was the old code that I had shown you before.
Now, we see the count going up, 1,
2, 2, 3, 6.